# ERMS OF SERVICE
Please read these terms carefully as they contain important information regarding your legal rights, remedies and obligations. These include various limitations and exclusions, a clause that governs the jurisdiction and venue of disputes, and obligations to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
## Key terms and definitions:
* 55KM provides a social trip and networking platform that enables its users to connect and exchange services with each other. These users can be “Local Expert” and/or “Traveler”. “Local Expert” means any natural person or legal entity who offers his services through the platform (the “local service”). These local services are generally intended to introduce travelers to local social or cultural activities. “Traveler” is any natural person who retains (or seeks to retain) such local service through the platform. 
## Contracting
* 55KM is a platform for exchanging social trip and networking services between its users. 
* These terms of service (“terms”) apply to – and are an integral part of - all agreements between 55KM as the case might be (hereinafter “55KM”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) and the users of our services (hereinafter “user”, “you”, “yourself, or “your”, and these services also referred to as the “platform services”), that are offered via our web . 55KM and user jointly hereinafter also: The “parties”. 
* By using the platform you agree that these terms govern the legal agreement between 55KM and yourself. In case you do not agree with any of these terms, you are not allowed to use the platform and the platform services.
* By accessing any part of the platform, you agree to comply with and be legally bound by the terms and conditions of these terms, whether or not you become a registered user of the services. These terms govern your access to and use of the platform, such as our site and other platform services and all their content, and constitute a binding legal agreement between you and 55KM. 
* 55KM has no control over the conduct of Local Experts, Travelers and other users of the platform, platform services or any of the local services, and disclaims all liability in this regard to the maximum extent permitted by law. 
* If you choose to create a listing on our platform, you understand and agree that your relationship with 55KM is limited to being a user and an independent, third-party contractor, and not an employee, agent, joint venture or partner of 55KM for any reason, and you act exclusively on your own behalf and for your own benefit, and not on behalf of or for the benefit of 55KM. 55KM does not control your offline activities associated with your listing (e.g. the local services), or any other matters related to any listing, that you provide. as a member you agree not to do anything to create a false impression that you are endorsed by, partnering with, or acting on behalf of or for the benefit of 55KM. 
* You acknowledge and agree that, by accessing or using the platform or platform services or by downloading or posting any content from or on the site or through other platform services, you are indicating that you have read, and that you understand and agree to be bound by these terms and receive our platform services whether or not you have registered with the site. if you do not agree to these terms, then you have no right to access or use the platform, the platform services or collective content.
## Amendment and revision
55KM reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify the platform or the platform services or to modify these terms, at any time and without prior notice. If we modify these terms, we will either post the modification on our website or otherwise provide you with notice of the modification. We will also update the “last updated” Date at the top of these terms. By continuing to access or use the platform or the platform services after we have posted a modification or have provided you with notice of a modification, you are indicating that you agree to be bound by the modified terms. If the modified terms are not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease using the platform and the platform services.
## Qualified users
Website and it’s services only offer to users who >= 18 years old, people who visit or use the website and it’s services regarded as they promised and confirmed they already 18 years old.
## Registration
In order to be allowed to use the platform services all users shall either create a 55KM account (“account”) through the platform, or use a third-party account (such as an account of facebook, we-chat, QQ, Google or another platform which 55KM has enabled a “third-party account”). This use of a third-party account can be done by——
1.	providing the relevant third-party account information to 55KM;
2.	authorizing 55KM to enter the user’s third-party account. 
If a user creates an account through connecting with a third-party account, such user represents and warrants that he is authorized to use such third-party account and that 55KM is authorized to use this third-party-account for the purpose of these terms.  Such authorization shall be regarded as permission to provide relevant personal information to 55KM and authorizing 55KM to save and use the information provided by the third-party account and to publicize or post on the company’s social media or through a third-party account. 
Users can disconnect their account from their third-party account at any time by logging in to their account on the platform and setting the relevant setting for this. 
55KM is not in any way obliged to verify whether users abide by the terms that govern the use of the third-party account. In case of any loss or damages to 55KM caused by the use of the third-party account of a user, the user himself shall indemnify and hold 55KM harmless for any such loss or damages. 
Users warrant that all the information provided to 55KM for the creation of an account is true and up to date. In case any incorrect information provided by a user causes any loss or damages to 55KM, the user shall indemnify and hold 55KM harmless for such loss or damages. 
In case a user is in breach of these terms or any other agreement with 55KM, or if a user takes an action or omission that results (or might result) in losses for- or tort to 55KM, 55KM – at its sole discretion – can decide to suspend, limit, or close any account without advance notice. 55KM shall in no way be liable for any losses or damages such action might cause.
## Tours & activities (Local Services)
All users can browse the listings of Local Experts on the platform. If a user has interest to procure any local service (normally a tour or activity) advertised in such listing, he can place a booking through the platform (“booking”). The booking is communicated to the respective Local Expert and this Local Expert - at its sole discretion – decides whether or not to accept the booking. 
After a Local Expert accepts a booking of a traveler, a legal agreement comes into force between traveler and Local Expert. 55KM is no party to such agreement. If users have any doubt, they should obtain sufficient information from the Local Expert or any other source they deem fit. 
When you are a Local Expert and create a listing, you may also choose to include certain requirements which must be met by the travelers who are eligible to request a booking, such as requiring travelers to have a verified phone number, in order to book your local service. Any traveler wishing to book a local service included in listings with such requirements must meet these requirements. 
If you are a Local Expert, 55KM makes certain tools available to you to help you to make informed decisions about which travelers you choose to confirm or pre-approve for booking. You acknowledge and agree that, as a Local Expert, you are responsible for your own acts and omissions and are also responsible for the acts and omissions of any individuals who partake or are otherwise present at the local service at your request or invitation, excluding the traveler (and the individuals the traveler invites to the local service, if applicable.) 
55KM recommends that Local Experts obtain appropriate insurance for their local services. If you take such insurance in particularly, please make sure that you are familiar with and understand any exclusions to, and any deductibles that may apply for, such insurance policy, including, but not limited to, whether or not your insurance policy will cover the actions or inactions of travelers (and the individuals the traveler invites to the local service, if applicable) who take part in your local service.
## Payment
When a Local Expert makes a listing for a local service on the platform, he can list a price for this local service. He can also decide to offer the local service for free, or to make the price dependent on variable, such as the amount of people. Each listing should clearly state the price (if any) for the advertised local service. 
A booking by a traveler is an acceptance of this advertised price. 
Once a booking is accepted, travelers shall pay to the designated account of 55KM by VISA, mastercard, union-pay, ali-pay, we-chat payment, or any other third-party transaction platform designated by 55KM.
55KM will receive and hold the amount paid on behalf of the Local Expert and shall remit this amount less any taxes (where applicable) to Local Expert after successful completion of the respective local service. 

## Bills and receipts
After the end of the trip, in the absence of any disputes, the local Experts can get their own income. Local Experts can check their own bills and withdraw cash from their accounts.
The bill is unified in accordance with the settlement rate of the day, when the balance in the account more than 1,000 yuan, the local experts can withdraw cash. 55KM does not assume the withdrawal process in the process of bank or third-party payment platform fees charged.

## Cancellation of an accepted booking
A cancellation of an accepted booking by a traveler might incur a penalty to compensate the respective Local Expert:
* （1）A cancellation of an accepted booking by a traveler up to 48 hours before the scheduled commencement of the local service: no penalty.
* （2）A cancellation of an accepted booking by a traveler between 24hours--48 hours before the scheduled commencement of the local service: A penalty of 50% of the agreed price of the booking shall be payable by the traveler for breach of contract.
* （3）A cancellation of an accepted booking by a traveler 24 hours or less before the scheduled commencement of the local service: A penalty of 100% of the agreed price of the booking shall be payable by the traveler for breach of contract.
* （4）Coupons will no longer be valid, if the amount of penalty for breach of contract exceeds the agreed fees travelers should pay for, any balance for the respective booking will be refunded to travelers’ bank account within 7 working days after cancellation. 
* （5）After deduction of a penalty (where applicable), any balance for the respective booking will be refunded to travelers’ bank account within 7 working days after cancellation. 
* （6）A cancellation of an accepted booking by a Local Expert shall result in a refund of 100% of the paid fee to the respective traveler within 7 working days after cancellation. Any coupon used by a traveler to make such booking shall remain valid. In case of cancellation by a Local Expert, the traveler agrees that he shall not be entitled to any compensation, damages, reimbursement or other sum, except the refund stipulated above. 
A cancellation of an accepted booking by a Local Expert would make a very bad influence on Travelers arrangements, Local Expert might incur a penalty to compensate the respective traveler if there’s no excusable reasons:
* (1)A cancellation of an accepted booking by a local expert up to 48 hours before the scheduled commencement of the local service: A penalty of 50% of the agreed price of the booking shall be payable by the local expert for breach of contract.
* (2)A cancellation of an accepted booking by a local expert up to 48 hours before the scheduled commencement of the local service: A penalty of 100% of the agreed price of the booking shall be payable by the local expert for breach of contract.
* (3)Our website will deduct the penalty form the next benefit of local expert who breach of contract.

### Excusable reasons:
No penalty shall be payable by the traveler in case of force majeure, which shall mean in this context: Any reason beyond the reasonable control or predictability of the traveler, including, but not limited to, hostilities, political unrest, terroristic attack, natural disaster, pestilence, severe weather, technical problems of transportation, last-minute changes to the timetable of (public) transportation by its operator, strikes, industrial action, change in official travel advise resulting in a warning by a government (or NGO such as the WHO) against making the intended travel, or any other general situation beyond the responsibility and control of the traveler that results in a clear prohibitive effect on using the local service, provided that traveler duly evidences such event. In case it is disputed whether a situation of force majeur has actually occurred, 55KM shall – in its sole discretion- decide on this. 55KM decision shall be final and binding on users. 
55KM retains the power to – in its sole discretion – unilaterally make users cancel any local service should circumstances make this proper and/or necessary. Any cancellation by 55KM shall result in a full refund to the traveler and a refund of 100% of the paid sum shall be remitted to the traveler within 7 working days after cancellation. Any coupon used by a traveler to make such booking shall remain valid. In case of cancellation by 55KM, the users agree that they shall not be entitled to any compensation, damages, reimbursement or other sum, except the refund stipulated above.
### Comments
After the local service is rendered to the traveler, the traveler shall be able to give a review of the local service on the platform. If the traveler does not post any review or comment within 7 days after the local service is completed, 55KM will post a positive review for the local service on the platform on behalf of the traveler.
All comments or reviews posted by users on the platform are subject to redaction of 55KM. 55KM retains the right to delete or amend any review at its sole discretion. Users give a universal, every lasting, sub-licensable, royalty free, license to the copyright on all comments, reviews, or other content they publish on the platform, to 55KM.
Recommendations for Travelers & Local Experts
Travelers are strongly advised to take the following precautions for their own safety and convenience:
* •	Get insurance that is appropriate for the planned trip and local services. These can include, but are not necessarily limited to, travel- and healthcare insurance.
* •	Make copies of important (travel) documents, such as passport, visa，ID card and health insurance card, and keep these copies in a safe place, separate from the originals. Keep your important documents separate from any cash money.
* •	In case of an emergency situation, including those where your personal safety is under threat, we recommend you to first contact the local emergency services，police and embassy. Please note the telephone number for local emergency services before you set out on your trip.
### Recommendations for Local Experts
Local Experts are strongly recommended to take appropriate insurance for their local services.
Service fees
55KM do not charge a fee for providing the platform services. If you are a Local Expert, when you set the price of your local services, it should not contain any commission.
55KM will deduct taxes, remittance fees ,and pay to the Local Expert according to the currency selected, the amount of rounded to the decimal point after the two. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in this article, taxes, remittance fees, etc. are not refundable.
Code of conduct
All users of the platform shall abide by the following code of conduct:
* •	Users guarantee that all information they submit to the platform is accurate and complete.
* •	Users shall only gain access to the platform as authorized by 55KM by using the client software provided by 55KM and normal instructions. Users shall not access the platform by other means (i.e. ‘hacking’). More specifically, users shall not use automated software (e.g. ‘bots’), backdoors, trojans, DOS attacks, flood pins, or any other malicious software or instructions. Users shall check that any client software they use for the platform is indeed original software released by 55KM.
* •	Users shall not use any mean to disrupt the normal operation of the platform.
* •	By using the platform, all users agree to obey all relevant laws, regulations, ordinances, and other rules set by the appropriate authorities.
* •	More specifically users shall not infringe on any intellectual property rights, rights to privacy, or tax regulations, breach any contract, or commit any act of tort or fraud.
* •	Users shall not disclose any non-public information on 55KM or the platform to any third-party.
* •	Users shall not use the platform to transmit, release to the public, upload or in any other way handle information that is not permitted to be handled in such a way in any jurisdiction, including – but not limited to – the disclosure of private and/or personal information, sensitive information, or material of a pornographic, racist, discriminating, subversive or otherwise harmful nature.
* •	Users shall communicate via the platform in a civilized way. They shall refrain from using obscene or insulting language, slander, or harass other users. Users shall not make any threats (including threatening with violence against people or property).
* •	Users shall not use the platform for any commercial purpose other than offering and selling the local services on the platform.
* •	Users shall not copy, restore, or get access to information on the platform other than by express permission of these terms, or as otherwise evidently by permission of 55KM.
* •	Users shall not advertise or persuade any user to use the services of any third party that is a competitor of 55KM.
* •	Travelers shall not pay any extra fees or other sums to Local Experts except those clearly agreed on via the platform. Local Experts shall not solicit any extra fees or other sums from travelers except those clearly agreed on via the platform.
* •	55KM reserves the right to investigate any breach of these terms, including this code of conduct, to the full extent of the law. Users are fully liable for all loss, penalty, or damages resulting from breach of these terms.
* •	Local Experts has the right to access, restore, or disclose all information it has on any user as required by any authority or if necessary -in the context of an investigation- to any third party. All users release Local Experts from any liability for losses or damages regarding such disclosure.
## Privacy statement
55KM might collect the following information from users:
* •	Information provided to 55KM directly when users create or revise their account, make any booking, contact each other or communicating via the platform by other means, including, but not limited to, name, email address, phone number, mailing address, personal pictures, payment details or other information users provide to 55KM.
* •	Other information on the usage of the platform, including: Transaction information, the information on local services, any payment amounts and any other data exchanged or created when using the platform.
* •	Information on the way that users use the platform, preferences and set up data.
* •	Equipment information: Including data on mobile equipment of users, including but not limited to type of hardware, type and version of operation system, different versions of software and documents, language of priority, exceptional identifier of equipment, advertising identifier, serial number, mobile equipment information and mobile website information.
* •	Log information: Including IP address information of equipment, the date and time of logging, applications and web-pages viewed, program failure and other system operation information, types of browsers, and any other third- party website that users have visited before visiting the platform.
* •	Access received from client devices: Most mobile platforms (e.g. IOS and android) ask for permission from their users before certain information on such device is shared with an application. The platform will attempt to receive authorized to certain categories of data. IOS platform will send notifications for users’ further approval or disapproval, while android platform will give users a notice on authorization and the use of the platform. Any such authorizations given or uses that have been notified of shall be regarded as implied consent to authorize 55KM to have access to these data.
* •	Information received from linking the user account with any third-party account or information from a payment service provider (i.e. Ali-pay, google wallet, etc.). This can be any information that such third party or payment service provider has on user.
* •	Information gained when a user accesses the platform in a different name but with the same identification information or other relevant applications provided by 55KM. Information collected might be used for the following purposes:
           * (1)Providing, maintaining or improving services of 55KM including, but not limited to, developing new functions, supporting users, improving information security, ascertain users’ identity, sending messages about new products of 55KM and providing administrative information to users.
           * (2)For internal operations of 55KM including, but not limited to, anti-fraud and prevention of abuse of services of 55KM, helping to improve operations, control, test and analyze user behavior and preferences.
          * (3)Sending messages to users facilitating communications between users and providing information that might be of interest to users, including information on products, services, promotions, news and activities of 55KM and selected partners.
          * (4)Provide personalized services including to recommend products, contents, or advertisements.
## Disclaimers and further terms
55KM provides the platform services ‘as is’ and does not guarantee any functionality thereof. 55KM is not responsible for the acts or omissions of travelers, Local Experts or any other user. 
Users understand and agree that:
•	55KM has the right, but no obligation, to do background checks on any user. Such check might entail checking the phone number, email address, and identity of a user. 55KM recommends that users check each other’s information before confirming a booking and only enter into an agreement once sufficiently convinced that the other party’s personal information is correct.
•	Listings on the platform are never to be understood to be an implied or express warranty. Any words or pictures uploaded, including but not limited to identity, career and credentials are purely for user’s reference to evaluate authenticity of other user’s identity and will not in any way constitutes a warranty. 55KM suggests that travelers do their own investigation before making a booking for a local service. 55KM shall not be liable any way for any tort, loss of damages due to any interaction between users.
Please note that, as stated above, the site, platform and platform services are intended to be used to facilitate Local Experts and Travelers connecting and booking local services directly with each other. 55KM cannot and does not control the content contained in any listings and the aspects of the local services. 55KM is not responsible for and disclaims any and all liability related to any and all listings and local services. Accordingly, any bookings will be made or accepted at the member's own risk.
## Limitation of liability
By using the site, platform or platform services, you agree that any legal remedy or liability that you seek to obtain for actions or omissions of other users or other third parties will be limited to a claim against the particular user or other third parties who caused you harm. You agree not to attempt to impose liability on or seek any legal remedy from 55KM with respect to such actions or omissions. Accordingly, we encourage you to communicate directly with other users via the platform regarding any bookings or listings made by you. This limitation shall not apply to any claim by a Local Expert against 55KM regarding the remittance of payments received from a traveler by 55KM on behalf of a Local Expert: Such claim shall in all events be limited to the amount remitted by the respective traveler for the respective local service. 
You acknowledge and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the entire risk arising out of your access to and use of the site, platform and platform services, your listing or booking of any local service via the site and platform, your participation in the local service and any contact you have with other users of 55KM whether in person or online remains with you. Neither 55KM nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the site, platform or the platform services will be liable for any incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, including lost profits, loss of data or loss of goodwill, service interruption, computer damage or system failure or the cost of substitute products or services, or for any damages for personal or bodily injury or emotional distress arising out of or in connection with these terms, from the use of or inability to use the site, platform, platform services, from any communications, interactions or meetings with other users of the site, or services or other persons with whom you communicate or interact as a result of your use of the site, platform or platform services, or from your listing or booking of any local service via the site and platform services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or any other legal theory, and whether or not 55KM has been informed of the possibility of such damage, even if a limited remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose. 
## Indemnification
You agree to release, defend, indemnify, and hold 55KM and its affiliates and subsidiaries, and their officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with (a) your access to or use of the site, application, platform, platform services, or their collective content or your violation of these terms; (b) any content you upload to the platform; (c) your (i) interaction with any user, (ii) booking of a local service, or (iii) creation of a listing; and (d) the retention or rendering of a local service by you, including but not limited to any injuries, losses, or damages (compensatory, direct, incidental, consequential or otherwise) of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of a local service.
## User accounts
Users agree that 55KM – in its sole discretion – shall be allowed to check the completeness and accuracy of all information collected and has the right to suspend or terminate the use of any user account without giving any prior notice or motivation.
## Intellectual property
55KM holds all intellectual property rights (such as copyright) to the platform (either as owner or as licensee), including but not limited to the website of 55KM. Users shall not to infringe on any of these rights, including – but not limited to - removing, changing or disguising any notice on ownership of such rights.
## Notices
All notices in connection with these terms shall be delivered either by email or by publication on the platform. Notices shall be deemed to have been received by the users as it being sent or publicized.
## Applicable law
These terms are exclusively governed by and construed according to the laws and regulations of China(HK/Macao/Taiwan excluded).
## Dispute resolution
Parties agree that any conflict, controversy or claim in connection with these terms and the use of the platform in general shall exclusively be submitted to the Shanghai Arbitration Commission in accordance with the provisional rules of procedures promulgated by the said arbitration commission. The decision of the arbitration commission shall be final and binding upon parties
## Contact information
 Questions about these terms are welcome! Please do not hesitate to contact us!


Last update date: 15/5/2017
www.55km.com
